First of all, I want to... I don't have a recording.
So either the forms of resetting would have been, but I would sort of be ashamed not to let you hear this crusty old New England accent, if you never have.
He's a much better, and I guess they're a much better reader of his poetry inside of us than most poets are.
And I think it gives him a lot of excuses for films that share very much.
Sorry, this is Virgin.
It's in your book.
I think she won't do it.
That's a great poem.
The reason for not doing it is that I assume she's all sort of overworking on you.
Maybe that's all.
Do you not know the boys, Birch's?
I don't.
Oh, okay.
All right, well, follow it in the test there.
Straight in the dark, please.
I like to think some boys have been swinging them.
But swinging those men were down the stairs, I don't do.
Often you must have seen them loaded with ice as they went among me after a rain.
They click upon themselves as the breeze rises and turn in many colors as the stir cracks and crazes their enamel.
Soon the sun's warmth makes them shed crystal shells, shattering and avalanching on the snow crust.
Such heaps of broken glass to sweep away, you'll think the inner dome of heaven has fallen.
They are dragged to the withered dragon by the load, and they seem not to break.
So once they bowed so low for long, they never write themselves.
You may see their trunks arching in the worst years afterwards, trading their leaves on the ground like girls on hands and knees that throw their hair before them over their heads, drying the sun.
But I was going to say, when truth broke in with all her matter-of-fact about the ice storm, I should prefer to have some boy, Samson, as he went out or in to fetch the cows, some boy too far from town to learn Bay's law.
But then he played with what he found himself, summer or winter, and could play along.
One by one, he could do these by the streets, by riding them down over and over again, until he took the sickness out of them, and that one was left to conquer.
He went all the way to learn about that money now too soon, and still not carrying the three away, clear the ground.
He always kept his boys to the top branches, climbing carefully.
It was the same pain you used to fill a cup up to the brim and even above the brim.
Then he flung out with feet first with his wish, kicking his way down through the air to his arm.
So was I once myself a swing of a purchase, and so I dream of going back to be.
It's when I'm weary of considerations, and love is too much like a path that's worked where your face burns and tickles with a cobwebs broken across it, and one eye is weeping from the twigs having lashed across it open.
I'd like to get away from us a while,
and then come back to it and begin over.
May no fake willfulness understand me and have brand what I wish and smash me away not to return earth the right place for love.
I don't know where it's like to go better.
I'd like to go by climbing a bird's tree and climb black branches up a snow white trunk toward heaven till the tree could bear no more but fit to stop and set me down again.
That would be good both going and coming back.
One for the worst and is a virtue.
No, I think he probably doesn't think he starts very fast.
You probably don't remember this.
John F. Kennedy inaugurated the president.
You may have seen pictures of this.
He was supposed to recite a poem that had been written for the occasion, but the time that Glennon was so mad, he couldn't read the manuscript.
So he just recited another poem.
What is it?
if he wanted not out claiming the land to get that run.
Everything I've heard of him say has been just like this.
He doesn't waste time.
And they're not slow.
Maybe they're out to waste.
But also, I mean, in some ways that's what it seems to be more like
He was reinterpreting it as he was reading, like more like he was saying, you know, a lot of his stuff that's written about him.
It doesn't make me think he was reading about it, but that he was thinking about it.
Before we just started on this, I want to tell those of you who do, those who do not.
who is uh visiting the college today and uh
He would like to record the class on his recorder, and I asked those people here whether they had an objection to that, and the only objection was that it would be okay as long as he was identified by names.
Do you have any problems with that?
If anybody does have a problem with these points, we've got fighting for something.
That might be the best fight.
He may just want to cut it off.
We don't do that often.
Another thing I would say is that it depends on what the parents would say.
Oh, she never does.
We have a little bit of a fight.
What are you going to do?
Okay
Let us go, then, through the dice, in the evening we spread out against the sky, that the beauty of the eutharized crime clearly.
Let us go to the third and half of the way we speak, and the rain we speak to the rest of the smarts were not as cheap as hell, and the body threw up on his way to hell.
Streets of followers of Stephen Dyson and police intent.
We do have an overwhelming question.
So, can I ask for a reason?
Let's go on in our list.
One of the rings in your nintendo, trouble in the middle of the night.
The little fog is like its back under the lips of pink.
The little smoke has rubbed the mud on the middle of the place.
Let's just turn into the corners of the evening.
Lincoln upon a school's family dream that followed on his back with a tall piece of things.
First slide is there, made a sudden leap.
And seeing there was a stop on silver knife, her arms fell like that.
And believe there will be time, in yellow spots, in the middle of the street, rubbing his back upon the window, becoming worse.
There will be time, there will be time.
Prepare the faith to meet the faith of achieving.
It will be time to murder and create, and time for all the works and days you can, just to get out the question on your plate.
Time for years, and time for me.
And time, yes, for a hundred individuals, and for a hundred individuals, and for a hundred individuals, before the faith of the faith of the faith.
In the rear of the room, in the room, in the room, in the room, in the room, in the room,
And in me, there will be times to wonder, do I dare and do I dare?
Time to turn back and turn this way, it was all spotty over my hair.
They will say, how the hair is growing for me.
No more in hope.
My colors might be growing for me.
My neck tired, rich and modest, and shitted by people's hands.
They will say, but how we own these things.
Do I dare to still be able to?
In minutes, there is time for decisions that are related to just minutes.
But I have known him all already, known him all.
I've known the evenings, mornings, after evenings.
I've measured out my life and coffee experience.
I've known the voices, dimes, about his followers, and he's created through his father's days.
And how should I begin?
For I have known the I's already, known them all.
I was taking you to formulate this place.
And what I have formulated is a strong amount of pain.
And what I am saying is we're doing on the wall.
And how should I begin?
Did I have always got into my days and days?
That I've known in the arms that I've known in the hall, arms that are great for me to be there, in the land lights, down to the close down there.
This routine is an address that makes me feel like that.
I'm to lie along with the area that the body shone.
And how should I be me?
And should I be me?
No other arm is effective.
It's remarkable.
Okay, now I want to stop in the woods and it's no easy.
Yeah, but you're both doing the same thing.
Oh, did I?
Yeah.
Oh, I thought you were doing a different one.
No, but, so... You want to go first?
I feel very intimidated after we got caught on his...
You're not going to use your question in the next question.
Much like it during the presentation, I'm not going to lie.
Whose woods these are, I think I know.
I think I was in the middle of a storm.
People I've seen in South East here to watch the woods go up in snow.
By the course, I think it's clear to stop that time has been, keeping wood from the frozen lake, starting at the evening of the year.
He gives his harness belt in shape.
The only other sound is true.
The words are lovely, dark, and neat.
But I can promise it to keep a mile together before I pray.
A mile together before I pray.
Amen.
She gives me that I can tell her, and how she's in the middle of the field, feeling that she's got a clear to what she's willing to say after she's done.
My little boy is not going to say that she's back at that front of her, and she's doing the work she's building over throughout the field every year.
She gives the kind of self a shape to ask her for a kind of shape, feeling that I'm trying to see her in the middle of the field.
Thank you.
What do you think about the business of the course of the life?
Is it difficult to resist the wrong, almost nourish your mind right?
I try to bite that a little bit, but it comes through strongly.
Yeah, A, B, A, B.
Actually, A-A-B-A, B-B-C-B, B-C-B, B-C-B, B-B-B-B.
I was thinking about this one.
But then, I admit all the way here.
Oh, sure.
But it looks to me like that at the end of the line, whose woods these are, I think I know.
Those last three or four syllables are all set.
I read the first two, the first four syllables, whose words be gone, but then I almost feel like I want to say the lesson I think I know, expecting each of those syllables.
It just seems to me that's the way it's written that way, right?
To wonder, would fill up with snow?
I don't, it's not to fill,
to watch these woods fill up with snow, to watch these woods fill up with snow.
If they're all the way away, three or four schools will be stressed, not all the same way.
I think I felt stressed on the end, on the end of the film.
I think I know.
And then there's a lot of things that they brought.
Fill up with snow.
Yeah.
So you think the last two films are probably not good.
And I think it does have... I think I know.
But I think there's a way that you say it.
I think I know.
And... I remember...
.
So my little horse must think it's clear.
You were a trail off in the back.
To stop without a problem.
Stop without a problem.
That's it.
It doesn't mean to be a kind of equal point.
It doesn't mean to be a problem.
It does seem clear that these
uh the iambic meter which is so strong in the beginning of life tends to break down the end of life
That's what you've got to see.
And you think that's why he's talking here?
For the beauty of the scene.
Do you think that a particular kind of beauty, like I guess when I think of the last stanza, the ones that are lovely, dark, and deep, and ending with the mouth before I stayed, I wonder if it's not just simply beautiful, but
sort of a beauty and subjective position to the fact that he has to continue crunching along.
And there's something about these woods that have some rich, common, sort of beauty that's found like dark and deep.
But if you can think about how it goes, you know, and it's going to be stuck.
So does he for us, and he has promises to see and allows us to understand the effect in which he is
interrupting the course of his everyday journey.
He's almost awakened out of this reverie by the fact that he has to keep going even though he would rather sleep in some sort of passion.
I guess I took that to mean that his reverie
you know, included, you know, in watching the snow, included some sort of sense of, he's sort of wanting to stop from his, from his sort of, you know, plodding along and making it, and that sort of, always going out of the name of the thing.
Yeah, I guess it's like something to do.
I just really wanted to do something.
I don't know if you want to do something.
Do you think that doesn't mean anticipation?
Yeah, it might be anticipation, but it doesn't seem impossible.
But anyway, at least right now.
Yeah, but he has promises to choose.
He's got those promises to be promised.
It is all the sort of paradoxical risk that
The concept of the last line is saying, you know, I've got to keep going.
But the feel of it, the repetition, the rhyme, the rhythm, all contributes to almost all of my life's feeling.
My wife told me that her mother used to recite this to her when she was a little girl at bedtime.
That's sort of like a lullaby.
which is very interesting i think but there's i think that there's thematically there's something close to the sense of motion the darkest evening of the year
And that line comes exactly halfway through the poem.
So there's this sense of suspension.
So at least we have an image of him suspended in this moment watching the snowfall and stopping.
what the significance of that suspension is, that one would take the approach at the solstice, perhaps a moment, and it would stop one's motion.
I don't know.
I mean, it's not that he considers anything other than .
I think it's right that he's distributing the thought to the law.
the thought of that standard that the little horse must keep it clear to stop without a bar happening between the woods and the first place to guard the future so all of that is the thought of the little horse oh yeah
And you're projecting that over to the Lord.
Thank you.
That's a lone wolf, a really more believable, has originated in horses.
That is the horse, by shaking and letting it go.
And of course horses can be in pictures like that.
I don't know what you see as this is stopping that the horse is going to go on.
The driver, the speaker,
isn't sensitive to sort of the frightening aspects of the environment.
I think I appreciate that the sort of darkness and the coldness for the speakers who seem to be in some sort of peace or calm or a reminder of
They need to keep on going on.
Okay?
I think I'm sure what I think about the idea of the human being, the human being, the human being, the human being, the human being, the human being, the human being, the human being, the human being, the human being, the human being, the human being, the human being, the human being, the human being.
right right yeah i don't i mean i agree with you that but due to the fact that as a whole
And it comes, you know, halfway through the poem.
It adds some sort of weight to that impression.
I think it also, too, I have a hard time
I have a hard time to think about it, but if I think about it, I have a hard time to think about it
it couldn't could it be enough that it's beautiful yeah but could it could it be could it meaning be simply in its beauty rather than something that it's significant no
No.
I find it sentimental in that case.
I find it sentimental, period.
But if what you think is true, right, that there isn't this kind of thing, I forget, it seems to be suggested, right?
What about that?
and what if the 17 years experience and focus on the content of some of the lucky or i guess mythical and not the fault of his work to why he's stopping
That's nice, and I'm happy for him, and I've been living at home.
So those who are from the old, you can see the same way of sharing it.
So if you say what I was asking about, I don't know, but I don't know if that's what I'm talking about.
But I think that's what I'm talking about.
I think that's what I'm talking about.
Again, I feel
more connection to this which I do read as a personal poem than I do to say the very philosophical systemic sort of thing we found in Yates where you can dig for years and have hours worth of conversations about the philosophical import but
I find this a better poem.
I think I want to say that I'm very clear to you that there is not that medical now in finding these words, but the way that there is is in this.
But my question is
what is the personal meaning
so it's not necessarily referring to some
One thing I found out is what was a little bit easier for me.
E.I.
spent three months to describe how beautiful the word is.
In the rest of the poem, the Ademai is not to describe what he has seen.
He has seen what's happening.
The other rest of the poem is
his pain or form of the procession, and then he does.
What do you think about the question?
Behind that is really a tension between men of studying capacities and between the more practical research.
There is a way to represent the more practical research and the more practical research and the more practical research and the more practical research and the more practical research.
even though this is
But all he says, of course, the first thing you've heard is that the court doesn't understand why to stop it.
The second thing he learned is that he doesn't try to save the past if they were from the state.
So the horse doesn't understand whatever is possible for a poet in an aesthetic moment.
I guess I'm not wholly convinced about utilitarian versus aesthetic for just a couple of reasons.
First of all, what Mr. Hsu mentioned is that aesthetic really isn't made that much.
that's mostly the art of your sobbing.
And secondly, the aesthetic character takes off in a particular, I mean, I guess I was just reading that it was a particular kind of aesthetic or the aesthetic quality, I think you might even be able to say possibly, I don't know if this is right, but one of the reasons why the Lord is aesthetically pleasing is because it, well, precisely because he's tired.
And you know, if he wasn't tired, he wouldn't be,
he wouldn't be enraptured.
And I would say, if I wanted to make some sort of, my definition would be between sticking fast and persisting as opposed to feeling tired or being, I don't want to say just tired.
I think that the aesthetic component
is really important.
I don't know how it would start.
I don't understand how you would count these audits to stop me in the background.
I didn't explain to you, but it turned out to be yourself.
And it turned out, yeah, it's a beautiful, or it's just...
stay there and watch me for a long time but i don't i don't think you're not presenting with any motivation and stairs for stopping since we're only presenting his results he will not be stopping here to watch his work i know i'm stopping to watch i know this is that i don't see i'm not sure how else do you want like he won't have to be stopping here explicitly to watch this
i don't know but it doesn't seem to me that
We are presented in such a clear organization as in today's studies and moving on forward with that.
It seems to be inspecting the individual land, you know.
What does it matter to land?
Why did he ask?
Why did he wonder?
Or what did he say?
Who would these are?
I don't know.
Why did he bring that up?
I think it's important that he doesn't want to be true.
.
But there's the same question of .
I thought you were trying to do something.
This is a beautiful place.
People don't live here.
They just live somewhere else.
Maybe I thought there was something like people didn't get stopped or how people were treated.
So I thought that was also the reason he felt people will, or maybe horses will, question why he stopped.
Thank you.
People didn't get there.
Is that perfectly known as that?
If people were there and wouldn't be a student?
And you wouldn't have the sense of isolation.
And if there were a bar in our community, then you wouldn't have the tension that Ms.
Lord referred to.
You would have other sounds besides the heart spells and sneak an easy way to go down its way.
in order to be able to understand what they're talking about.
Yeah, but that doesn't answer the question of why conventions build with people who don't do a home for their work.
I think it's a question of the mind and of the earth for sure, but it seems to me it's not a question of the beauty of the place at all, it's a question of the stopping and the feeling of others or they're not being seen
is what's important to us.
So that he doesn't, he doesn't have a great effect on either of the staff.
I'm not sure how I'm going to say it.
If you have a question, I don't.
You're talking about going out in the snow in a way to
It's bleeds in the dark.
Well, I don't know if there's anything that's particular, but in the repetition, you've got promises to keep.
It looks like I can't read that.
I've had a lot of promises, a lot of things that have to be done before I can... Well, I said earlier about the darkness, the sort of black and white world that you see here.
I remember, darkness is near and there, down the plain.
I think it's not too far to say, to identify that with death.
I mean, assuming that he would want to, say, sleep in the woods, I mean, I think that death would be a natural.
So I think, you know, by, you know, saying suicide, I think that would make it a little too proactive.
I think I agree that, you know, there would be, it would either be A, or B, he would, you know,
I guess I would want to join the topic, mainly he wants to specifically seek propose in beauty or something like that, with death perhaps being the necessary consequence, but not really the end.
I definitely just don't necessarily see him specifically aiming for death per se.
When you said suicide, you're thinking to die, sleep, chance to dream.
I was really just thinking about him in his life.
And he stopped here.
Deliverably because he knows there is nobody around.
Even though he knows who he belongs to, he's got to do it.
There's nobody there.
The Lord can understand why he stopped.
And presumably no one else knew what he was there.
He didn't just look at the robbery, he wasn't.
He certainly does like to continue to see, and he makes a beautiful horror.
But the ending on that repetitive note, the but in that third answer again, what is a lovely art in Jesus Christ.
Why?
Sorry.
Okay.
I don't know.
I was worried about that.
But the thing is, I don't sense any remorse in this class.
That's one thing that I read about .
I don't know if this is really important or not, but I think one tactical that everybody could see is that
He ran all the lines, he put the third line in every sample.
And he took the third line and ran that last word, made that the line to the next sample.
So when we got to the last one, what did he do except what he said he'd be like?
Well, I'm sure there isn't a context, but he just chose a different form if he found a dissatisfying way.
I don't think that means we have to come to a conclusion.
I don't know.
I don't think NYU would necessarily have to go to Washington.
And I don't know.
It's quite possible that .
I'm really wondering about what the snow means for them.
Because I know the snow oftentimes is for us, making that feel.
And the whole world seems to still, I mean, I was wondering if somebody is about the snow and what the snow means, and how does that make sense?
It seems like it's not an active, active social environment, isn't it?
And it seems like maybe it's going to be looking for some kind of balance between these words of what you have.
I'm not sure that this is really sounded.
It sounded like I felt at the end because it was a piece.
So that's why it somehow wasn't
You have found something to counterbalance that you need to grab, even though I'm in a region.
You know, it's about, it's about, you feel it's about you.
I think that the point of the call has to get out of it.
Yeah, but it's kind of... ...to incentivize, to get out of it.
And the word promises itself is a word that doesn't involve the same imagination as something like allocation.
It sounded very happy.
And the fact that the sex animal said in the last one that you see is that it seems to be an affirmation of something that is there and I'm happy to go on.
It seems somehow energetic that he throws down
I think there's a sense of
I am going to go on.
These are my promises, my obligations.
But I think there is a part of him still, even in those lines,
that wants to sleep.
He is actively overcoming that, but I wouldn't say he's joyful.
What if there is a difference?
I mean, I can't do that.
And then the last one was a kind of falling back.
I guess, how do you read those two lasting lines?
I mean, just like reading, like rhythmically, how do you read them?
How would you say them?
Yeah, how would you say them?
That's more upbeat than I think it's been read today.
Even that strikes me as really weird.
It seems that you're pushing the proactive and energetic.
I mean, it could be that he just did a bad job, say, rhythmically, you know, allowing the rhythm with the words or something like Earthless Sense, but it's, I mean, it strikes me that the rhythm plus the fact that you have, but, you know, even though there is this kind of tells on me, but I must do this, coupled with the rhythm, I mean, I guess I just,
I'm really having a difficult time reading that, anything other than it's a little bit weird.
I mean, that's not really a hard test that I'm thinking of.
I don't know.
It seems to me that if you were so excited, if you were so weird, you wouldn't be able to say it's like,
I think that...
like it's it seems to be some sort of family to be able to say to yourself or to um
But I don't know, I might be wrong with it.
Before Ms.
Nuna brought up the suicide issue, I thought the discussion before that was kind of...
I don't know why we're suddenly trying to interpret it as a component of this kind of thought.
At the beginning, you can live as a lot of art to read to the children.
To me, the reason is very...
clear and also very straightforward.
It seems to me it's hard for me to read it as something, contemplating that, because how can someone stop reading it?
I find that even using the word suicide is just really too, I guess, distracting because it keeps on making it sound as if
I mean, I don't know about other people, but like violent or proactive or something like that, where it just, I mean, it doesn't, I mean, the proactive part is him continuing, though I think that it's not a, that it's not a, you know, it's not really a happy proactive, where there is something positive.
I mean, I think that your time will say that there is something that joins you and keeps you going as a positive thing, but nonetheless being aware very strongly of
um the fact that you're tired there's one way to go these people close i especially think that considering the fact that the last you know couple of lines are really i think i think anyway sort of rhythmically slow it's like it you know while he's actually watching you know snow things are you know it's it's a good and you know sort of relaxed but
you know, must be realized, but, you know, I promise.
Especially the last one, I could straighten it a lot.
You're right, if you don't extend that punctuation at the end of every mile,
And that slows you down.
I'd really like to get that straight, by the way.
I don't know if everyone else has a third edition, but I was wondering, like, the punctuation in this edition, there's no end stop of any sort in my third edition, nor in my sixth, where I've got to believe there's something.
I mean, I don't know.
This edition has a comma at line 13, a lovely comma.
But line, at the second stage, the only punctuation is the end of it.
That's surprising.
Really?
Okay.
Does someone have the actual draw?
I don't think we can tell them this.
Let's go.
Suggesting textual problems.
What's the difference?
Maybe it's a good time for a new reform.
Who'd like to read this one?
What's your question?
Right.
Okay.
Anybody?
Yeah.
The people along the sand, I'll turn and look one way.
They turn their back in their hands.
They look at speed all day.
As long as it takes to pass, it just keeps raising its own.
The wetter ground, like glass, or fresh descending doors.
The land may hear the more, but what are the truth they need?
The water comes to shore, and the people look at speed.
They can't look at parts, they can't look at peace.
The wind is better than the bark, and the rock's taking the heat.
The question came up before we even started about this question.
It's not only simple but ugly.
I would suggest that fraud is accessible on many different levels that you can
read and understand something immediately.
There is an important level of reading that you read it and you get it.
But it doesn't end there.
I think that you can have a profitable discussion dealing both formally and in terms of content.
Not necessarily philosophically, although there's some problems.
I think we might have much more philosophical discussion than some of those .
But I think that can be approached on many different models in a way that, say,
Elliott is not very accessible at the first reading.
Thank you.
I think you're right that it is very accessible.
And I think it's accessible on many levels.
And the immediate accessibility is not necessarily .
And the fact that it's accessible to the writers of people, I don't think, makes a difference.
But I mean, it's part of that sense to choose the fact that it's poetry.
That just because it's poetry, I may think it's accessible by a variety of moments, when in fact, it's not.
I mean, what I mean by that is in prose, for example,
i'm looking for something to read the other day i picked up power forward
Now, it seems, I'm pretty confident saying, well, some prose just doesn't type, and I'm seeing that, some prose just doesn't do it.
Why should I be able to believe that some poetry that just doesn't do it, in fact, does have accessibility on the line?
For some, for an individual.
What do you mean?
You wouldn't like me reading it if you were reading a book or something?
Oh, absolutely.
I would read this stuff for days.
You know what?
I'm not sure.
I've never been sure what to make of that.
Like, I've never been sure what to make of that.
Like, I've never known what to make of it because it's clear to me that it means something that's really important to a lot of other people.
What do you mean?
Because I thought you'd choose the wrong.
No, no, no, no, no.